Life Below Water
Conservation and Sustainable use of water bodies and fauna for Sustainable Development


Threats:
Ocean Acidification continues to threaten marine environments and ecosystem services.
A 100-150% rise in ocean acidity is predicted by the year 2100.
Climate change
Climate change arguably presents the greatest threat to ocean health. It is making oceans hotter, promoting acidification, and making it harder to breathe in them by reducing dissolved oxygen levels.
Plastic pollution
More than five trillion pieces of plastic pollution are afloat in the oceans. And the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is growing. For every pound of tuna we are taking out of the ocean, we are putting two pounds of plastic back in.

Solutions that are being Implemented:
Global Marine key biodiversity areas covered by protected areas increased.
As of 2019, around 46% of marine bodies are "protected" as opposed to 30.5% in the year 2000.
97 countries have signed the agreement on port state measures, the first binding international agreement on illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing.


Organizations Working to Protect the Ocean:
Many institutes and organizations are fighting to protect ocean habitats and marine wildlife.

Effects of the COVID - 19 lockdown on Marine Life:
The drastic reduction in human activity brought about by covid-19 may be a chance for oceans to recuperate.

References:
https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2018/06/5-ways-we-can-improve-ocean-health/
https://sdgs.un.org/goals/
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/article/10-things-you-can-do-to-save-the-ocean

Life on Land
Protection, restoration and promotion of sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss

Threats:

The world is falling short on targets to halt biodiversity loss.
Over 31,000 species are threatened with extinction.
This covers 27% of more than 116,000 assessed species in the IUCN red list.
Forest areas are continuously declining at an alarming rate, driving mainly by agricultural expansion.
Every year, about 10 million hectares of forests are cut down by humans for industrial expansion.
Illegal wildlife trafficking causes disruptions in natural ecosystems, thus contributing to the spread of infectious diseases.
